the carpet full of [ __ ] In addition to
everything being known, it was not In reference to
speaking ill of Franco or his secrets But
since you want to know, I'll tell you the one
who went to talk to Yui and
start the land problem is
Paloma Frank will defend her for his
reasons but my arrows were not for
Frank the truth is that must be known is
because Paloma acts like Santa and has put
[ __ ] on everyone she is not the sweet little dove
that everyone thinks I was never fighting with
Frank and much less I wish him jail the
problems but hanging around with those people does
him no good the threats he
refers to are because he insinuated that it was
me who had made the complaint and I
told him that he knew very well who was
behind it if he didn't tell it, he would tell it
if until now I have never told anything about
his private things it is for a reason the
message in Diego ar Rabal's thing was not
for him either but for Paloma and all those
who tried to screw him over I will do everything
possible to get the [ __ ] off him we
will meet soon and I will
tell you if you think I have something to
do with it for not leaving me  the lands or the
shirts or any mental nonsense is
your problem because he hasn't left
land to anyone nor has he taken
shirts from me. Besides, I have never asked him
to leave me anything because it was the
kids'. I already have my land. I don't
need to take anything from my nephews.
What I have I buy with my money,
not like others who need to get a
Sugar Dad because they don't even know how to wash their hair.
Throw hate without knowing. You can
unfollow me. I don't care. The only thing I'm
telling you is that later don't come to
follow me again or pretend like
nothing happened, I don't forget or I'm sorry. I'll
update you later after I speak with Frank one
on one. I hug everyone who
writes to me with messages of support because they
know who I am because we've been. I
was looking at things, I was in the car and I
heard that Dallas was there, what is it and that's why
I said, what the hell is Dallas doing
there? I couldn't find her, I couldn't find the
equation, okay, or he got caught in the end, but
several little things been mediating
trying to calm things down, now
then I realized. I didn't
know that he had been talking, he has
apparently been mediating such and such and  I
had no [ __ ] idea because when I
spoke with Dallas, which is that
normally I never talk about
these things with Dallas, we talk about things like what I was
telling you the other day about buy a house,
things like that, the one who sent you that
live broadcast is me, that's it,
eh I'm not going to keep fighting with chi
or with Cristina or with Noelia, with Noelia she
has settled it in
private, she has been the bravest, the
truth is because she has called me, she has
spoken and we can have differences, we
can get angry but I'm sending her a kiss
because given this live broadcast she has gotten a
little nervous and don't know, nervous,
Noelia Noelia, I'll tell you one thing but she
has and I know that whatever you want
but but with Noelia it's settled with
Noelia it's been spoken about and and and I already
have her there, I'm sending her a kiss okay
am and then what I wanted to say,
chi's message okay the one you just
read
so that there are no misunderstandings and it's very
clear okay Paloma like 3 years ago 3
years okay that's when
something like that left, we were setting up, we
wanted to set up the sanctuary in
Valencia, do you remember? Yes okay  suddenly she
felt displaced she talked to
Yuji because she knew Yuji I mean
she had a relationship with Yuji normally
Okay when I was here and they talked they talked they
talked And obviously he got
pissed off because I didn't come back I
told him to hang in there well And
obviously they talked about crazy things Why Well
because one says one thing the other
feels bad the other what what
crazy things Okay when some time passed
months two months three months Paloma
showed me everything everything they had talked about
that they talked about on Instagram from
the first day they started posting
[ __ ] until the last okay I've been
talking to you for years I'm not talking to you
last year mm eh She taught me
everything absolutely everything okay
people have played with that okay people have played
with that I don't know how they know because they
know Paloma and the other person it's
true okay they know Paloma and the other
person I had never talked about this
Not with you or with anyone ever Of course it's
true So how do they know it's true
no hab about all the things
today I hadn't fallen for that it's true of
course then the relationship that I have
with Paloma okay it's the relationship that I
have with Paloma  from the beginning it's
a very good relationship, very sincere, as I
tell you, he showed me each and every one of
the messages, I know what he's said and what he has
n't said and when everyone is
saying that if Paloma is the one who
is behind Paloma is the one who has
been maintaining the
sanctuary, she is the one who hasn't left me
stranded when other people have left me
stranded and the one who has been there when she
could have gone home and been more
calm because offers don't
fail her, okay so what chi says, I will
tell him when I talk to him tomorrow and
I will tell him you are a son of a [ __ ] and I will
tell him because I will talk to him tomorrow
and I will tell him you are a son of a [ __ ] but the
same with Chilo I have a
brotherly relationship that people don't understand, I mean, I
have a brotherly relationship with
Chi that's why I'm very hurt by all
this [ __ ] because I don't understand, I understand he does
n't like his sister-in-law, eh, well,
but I don't care, that's
something else, I mean, maybe I do
n't like Chi's wife, if I
had one or the one I don't know  but paloma is
a person who for me in my life is
very very
important on a personal level and on a work level
So that thing about Sugar daddy Paloma
occurs to her Every [ __ ] day Here she
has worked hard and when she has had to go the
police have been
there she hasn't left she hasn't escaped And I
told her take it go home for two weeks
Stay there and when it's resolved she hasn't
left and when I was locked in the
cell she was up and down
helping here helping with zorro and look at
him I'll tell you one thing
Many things can be said about Paloma about me about you we
can be better worse But they are
talking about something from years ago that they have
n't had access to
real conversations for sure I do I
have everything I know everything I mean here there is nothing there is
nothing hidden So
when they say it wasn't Paloma that no no
that Paloma was friends with
yuji So it's that they got along normally
and talking talking talking they started well
the typical thing that gets tangled up Well look
what an [ __ ] Well look what a son of a [ __ ] Well
look at this Well look at the other and from there boom boom
boom boom he made you a
suit but damn when people come to
talk about those conversations Who
knows those conversations I have never
told this to anyone
and and I tell you one thing I feel the temperature
with my
children I mean my children they respect Paloma a lot a
lot and any woman who was
around me as long as it
wasn't their mother they dislike they
dislike why they respect Paloma Why do they respect her
because they see that Paloma is the
least likely to do me any harm So let that be
clear why is he talking about that
sugardad I'm going to tell
the guy tomorrow he's listening to me now the son
of a [ __ ] He's a son of a [ __ ] no I'm going to
talk to him tomorrow because today I can't
but the self-conciliatory mene I'm not
going to talk to my brother and the
son of a [ __ ] ends up and the son of a [ __ ] ends up
cheating on Paloma again I
understand that they don't get along okay
great but
damn It's that it seems like this is not it's not an
end each one of us has our
position in relationships with
our friends with our
closest people well ha in all  the
families there's the cousin you can't stand
the brother you fought with When you
were 6 years old and everything but the thing is that this has been
extrapolated and and another thing here nobody
has accused anyone that this has happened
because of what has happened I mean it has nothing
to do it has nothing to do the
animal issue with these people and from the
beginning it was said that it has nothing to do of course of course it
is totally
independent the animal issue
totally independent we have been
seeing it here because nobody has the
strength to move five
police forces nobody is worth it nobody has that
strength I mean they can't so nobody has
said that what was being talked about is
the [ __ ] that was coming in
behind and making a little group like
harassment and demolition you know it seemed like the little
group of harassment and demolition that goes after
dala it was always something like that okay so
when I go out I am surprised
by the email from from Cristina and and how can I
not get pissed off And then I start
receiving threats from here
veiled threats from there that I this that I that
and that I'm not going to explode I have
told it to  Dallas but if today I argued
with Tas in private and I told him no
way because he tells me [ __ ] man you
shouldn't have done the live show and I
told him get on my nerves I did what
I want to do because it's my life and he
tried, tried, tried
the guy tried no Fran I don't know
what I don't know how much leave me alone
[ __ ] you are to me it seems very good to me
because I already wanted to see that
Fran I mean already
Enough work such but but that
people understand that people understand that that they
said that you were angry with in the
end he told me when we were in
private talking which is where we talk
things out He said well come on
when you calm down a bit we'll talk
come on See you
later that's it I mean that's it then that
people understand that you with your friends
and with the people who come you fight and I
fight with you or with Dallas or with the other one
How many times do you call me in private and
tell me son of a [ __ ] what have you done I tell you stay
quiet but it's normal or with Pablo
But it's  what is normal what is not normal is
for weeks or months to be giving it a go
because I'm telling you about the issue of Yui and Paloma
when whispering and when they screwed up
and when this and that was a
[ __ ] month and a half and because one was in
Valencia fed up waiting
to come back and the other was at home fed up well with
whatever
but let's not twist
things okay because Paloma has been here for a
long time helping out at the
sanctuary helping out at the [ __ ]
sanctuary and obviously we have a [ __ ]
personal relationship that you have to be really
stupid to say oh Paloma is
her friend
no Paloma just eats [ __ ] it's not that you have to be an
[ __ ] I haven't realized
but yes it has been confirmed
the relationship has been confirmed Oh no also but
man let's see he's been here for 4 years
since the
sanctuary started just like I trust chi
I trust Paloma but it's that chi in
the last few months and you know it He has
distanced himself because he had other
projects because he had other okay great
Yes but but things
are not as they seem I mean  I said
[ __ ] on these three and I had to go
out and say let's see that
these three aren't the ones who are from what
happened, this story with the police
and with so and so, they aren't them, they
can't be them, they don't have that strength, damn it, I
mean, who's lived here for so many years
has the strength to get a body, a
police force or three police officers, he doesn't
have it. I mean, you're talking about something
that comes from somewhere else and ch knows
where it comes from and I'm you, let's see, I mean, you think
it's going to come
out, no, no, but it's something from
here, it's not that there is, at most, there are a lot of people,
every time you argue with one of these
people they tell you, but say who it is, say it.
But how am I going to say who it is? I've been
here for 27 years, I have enemies from the
traffickers, I have a person who has
been giving me animals until recently,
okay, he was a very powerful guy and
suddenly he hasn't given me any animals and
these things happen, you understand, I don't know
who it is, it's not known who it is, what is
known is that I say that I'm leaving the
sanctuary and the next day they
come, you understand, then of course and
who comes three different police forces
or so then Of course but let it be
very clear what I want to make
very clear with all this is that
I don't have a problem with Cristina, I
mean simply eh we had a
[ __ ] great relationship of friendship I repeat
friendship gentlemen of friendship okay
eh that was distancing itself putting out the
fire eh better not no but
the fire is not put out if it is that Hey call a spade a
spade and wine wine I mean I have a
[ __ ] great relationship with Cristina I
mean I had a [ __ ] great time
recording things because she loves
bugs shame and I told her so aunt
[ __ ] that in the end So she is a
person that I she is a person that I
love very much Okay but let her live
her life let her be calm let her tell her
stories okay
eh but but I'm not going to keep my
mouth shut when I feel attacked
unnecessarily because she said in the in the in the
live of this man from
arabal he said man it's easier
they pick up the phone and call me
[ __ ] well lady you wait two days and
send me a message  you do
n't send me an email the email is it whether it's
a confusion whether
she did it wrong or I did it wrong, I don't care
she has the right to send the
email and I have my right to say don't
threaten me the
bad vibes are already going to be no bad vibes
with Cristiana because no ha there's no
vibes or bad vibes I mean it's over up to
here let her live her life I live my life I
don't talk about her and she doesn't talk about me that's
it Pablo I said it this
afternoon Pablo is my friend okay And he's a
blockhead like me and he's a big mouth like me big
mouths total but he doesn't walk but he doesn't
walk He doesn't walk around behind the scenes and he
gets into trouble because he tries to reconcile and
wants to be on good terms with all
parties and it's hard for him to say [ __ ] they
're screwing me which happens to me
a lot too but there comes a
time when it's
not and it's just that it's better to clarify all
that so we don't start now that if I
send a message chi and Paloma
can't see each other do you understand don't you understand
I think that the difference but the
difference is that  Paloma hasn't said a
[ __ ]
word not a [ __ ] word and she could have gone
out and said pum pum pum it
's true she has never said anything bad about
chi nor good about chi and chi has been putting [ __ ] on her for a
week
putting [ __ ] on her and that's why I
exploded So people think
that chi is going to try to put me in
jail or he is going to try no but it's not
that people have it wrong chi
is a very intelligent guy and he is a son
of a
[ __ ] what happens is that he is a son of a
[ __ ] Well you love him but he is
a guy who has been stuck to me for years and
has helped me for many years and has
been a very important part of my life
but don't you feel like he has done much for
Paloma frra I mean eh the story yesterday
against Paloma but why is she you
answer her today Paloma is angry
whatever you want but [ __ ] Paloma is
going to be
here I mean Paloma is going to be here
just like he is going to be here just like
Paloma can't see him and and has been
here and Paloma has never ever had a
bad  gesture not a bad word for him
never never never never never I tell you
never no no never It has been for
nothing [ __ ] everyone has their relationship with with
however and in the way they
want with their friends with their partners
with their enemies But the thing is that I have been
seeing today that that they are
changing no no I do not change don't
threaten me and nothing happens I shut
the [ __ ] mouth I shut the [ __ ] mouth and that's it
and don't come behind my back the other one
sending an audio sending what
s because I PR bad the host that is what I have
told Noelia okay That's it she
has explained everything to me she has told me
everything and she is the one who has had the most balls
to stand and talk to me on the
phone and finally like that the best because
when Noelia has clarified everything man I mean
she was giving it a lot of
importance these are problems with her what
's happening to you and it's [ __ ]
[ __ ] it's [ __ ] but it's
[ __ ] what happens is that I say
one thing or I stir up [ __ ] once okay or
two and these have been months of screwing
up and on top of that they have joined together like
Uh it seems that you join together for I was saying
today you can destroy me for two
weeks but I'm moving forward
because I have important things in
life to take care of and then you
can shoot me three times and I keep walking
to pick up my son who is
falling off a cliff you
understand if I didn't have my children and
the sanctuary and Paloma and and chi even I would
send everything to hell and I would
be in any place to
relax already for whatever what
pisses me off is that within
this world I understand that people say it's
not that they kick because or rather say that they
say that if you're taking
advantage of me it's a pain in the ass or rather what
people don't know is that Javi and I
talk all [ __ ]
day you understand man it's not all [ __ ]
day if I go I would prefer that
we had our Sunday with our
podcast quietly and not that my friend
had been put in But oh well but but but that's
how it is but that it's not
taking advantage it's that Javi  is dedicated to
this you understand I can talk to
charism and send him a message and say Hey
thanks for this video that you made today
or such and such I can talk to
everyone okay And I found out I found out that you
and charism weren't talking to each other I thought you
were friends not lost we lost
contact well I found out
two days ago that you hadn't talked to each other mm it's been a
while I don't know okay I had no [ __ ]
idea I say Oh well Okay well well Okay
Neither did charisma speak badly to
you eh He told me No it's that I stopped
having a relationship with Javi a long time ago I mean [ __ ]
But if I met you through Javi it's true you
met him through me so of course I
was like [ __ ] but I want to tell you
that many times there are things that people are
going to talk about and here nobody has said that
chi Cristina Noelia or Pepito or Yui They
would have done the thing about me look
Yi would have more strength than any of
them and from the beginning I said Yui it's
not because this is a much
higher Step okay it's people who know me
it's  that has been seen the police there is a
policeman that everyone knows is that the green one
does not go with just anyone we have
seen it I put the clip on Twitter But and it was I
goes for I goes for him because he knows him what he
said you said it When you
left and I when you were inside I
have repeated it actively and passively Yuji has
nothing to do with it has nothing to do with it
has nothing to do with it but not even them it's that
nobody has said that they were the ones
uh no no what was there is a
typical conspiracy of gossips I say I
said I'll tell you yes that's how it is you understand it
was what it was And then
one and the other sends you a message
and and I get to a point where I say guys
up to here I mean but now we are
talking about if you complain the other that
if not I know that if taking the [ __ ] out of the
carpet and putting Paloma in and I say eh stay still I mean That's it it's over that's why I
said it's over I'm not going to live
with this anguish of seeing how
people come here
eh no no I
can't live with that [ __ ] anguish
bridges I say it says  Dallas you shouldn't have done it
Dallas the [ __ ] I
did it and and that's it and that's it that I didn't think it was
right eh I did
want to see that Fran because I didn't
know where he was the son of a [ __ ] he didn't
tell me anything that he was mediating there
between some and others to put out fires if he
had told me I would have said okay he did
n't tell me anything let's see I just found
out now I got into a fight with
Pablo you said that I was talking
to them of course I got into a fight with
Pablo too we've all been here Of course
people believe this but let's see of
course there have been a lot of things here we
've fought I mean well
none of us are going through it now well it is what it is it is
the issue Of course but here it is
full of my life My whole life was
full of my whole life was full of
and the guy is going to continue attacking Paloma and I'm
going to tell him attack Send him a Send him
a [ __ ] WhatsApp and call her a son of a [ __ ]
but don't start sending him [ __ ]
don't send him public [ __ ] damn it  what's more,
he looks bad that he doesn't piss, he looks
bad, I
mean, the one that looks bad is him, you
understand me Why not? Hey, I mean, imagine
me, if I was on a live show today
when I saw the [ __ ] drum thing and I
said, [ __ ] off, then it looks
bad, well, [ __ ],
the other one can live her life and Noelia can
live her life and each one can go their own way
and nothing's wrong, but I had to stop
this today because if you don't know Javi,
this was going to go on for another 5 days, another c
days, and above all, let's not start now
to include Paloma who hasn't said a [ __ ]
word And the only thing she's doing
here is eating all the [ __ ]
[ __ ], okay, so now they come to
say that if she's taking advantage of
something, but taking advantage
of something, who lives here like a [ __ ] king,
you know how she is all
day long, up and down, man, you do
n't live there, it's not paradise, I mean, it's not [ __ ] good.
Well, because she's
here, it's not that, look. It's that I think she
's his partner, but you're all
[ __ ].
subnormal, I mean, here it's neither a couple
nor not a couple but there's a relationship
here for a while now,
obviously white and she does
n't. Do you think Paloma will be the next
guest on the podcast? No, Paloma doesn't
want to talk and she's not going to talk, it's that
Paloma is not there for that. The
story, the [ __ ] story is that she never
says anything, she never says anything, her thing is,
people know her, well, s the videos.
Yes, but she's a girl who, damn. What, I.
When did that come out that she talked to
Yuji? Of course it's that she was Yui's friend.
I don't know who talks to Yui,
of all these people, Cristina said to
say if I've talked to Yuji. What
the [ __ ] do I know if Cristina has talked to
Yuji or has talked to him with the father,
that doesn't matter to me,
that doesn't matter to me
totally, but that Yui and Paloma were
friends because they talked because they
knew each other, damn, we spent Christmas together,
[ __ ], it's that they haid
all and talk [ __ ] in the end they
both talk [ __ ] because they are United that
I am here to Cristina here
doing  videos I don't know what I don't know how much and she
says Look at this [ __ ] I don't know what I don't know
how much the normal the normal
jealousy between women of this of she doesn't pay attention to me and she does
n't call me and me
this and that she says it's not a question
of [ __ ] and girls and relationships it
's not a question of jealousy a question of jealousy
Okay so at that moment she did
that the first thing she did was Hey
when I was pissed off with you Look boom
everything and I mean we
know that three people who
were involved and how do all these
people know that I ask Of course
not because of Paloma because the day that she
was already deleted she deleted and
blocked like that I hadn't fallen for that eh
when Cristina is here and so on I hadn't
fallen for it but it's like host of course they brought
up the subject before
before I read the story enter that's why
I told you to enter saado no no
but before the story of the chi they brought
up the subject also that China brought
up the subject she didn't say Hey but you
know what well that's it well I'll leave it there It's
over now  for me it's over
now they can gossip they can go to the
Channel of I don't know who or the Channel of I don't know
how much I have said what I had to
say okay And from now on it's
time not the time From
now on I'm going to start using legal actions
to be but like this I note the other day
when they were taking him away the note
playing tricks on me the [ __ ] I'm too
worried here I say and I you are stupid he's playing tricks on me
that I don't remember
what the [ __ ] it was that you were telling me
But well you're going away not the time no
man listen to me
mm me here me here gentlemen it's over it's over the
gossip channels can
start bothering you again or not
bothering you
okay he tells me he tells me eh he
just sent a
message that says but I knew you
told me about Paloma with and that she had
gotten angry but the inside content the
inside content nobody
knew hab con and that they had given me a
hard time we all know we talked about it with
Noelia And surely with Cristina and with
and she knows it But the content
nobody knows nobody knows the content I  s
I know that's what I mean okay but
this is where it ends then the people who
follow me from here I
ask you not to throw [ __ ] at
Cristina or Noelia until I talk to him
tomorrow throw [ __ ] at him [ __ ] him and
besides no because he gets followers
And that and that's what he likes what he
likes is war but leave Cristina and
Noelia alone
because that's it we've already fought it's over the girl is
n't having a
bad time and it makes me really embarrassed because she's with
CR Well don't let her have a bad time don't let her have a
bad time but stop throwing [ __ ] at her
because she's the one who's had the most balls and it's
over because she's the one who called me
and talked to me it's over FR if one
day I end up single God forbid I might
set up a sanctuary
too get together with him with the guy with the
son of a [ __ ] the
guy to the guy throw [ __ ] at him and follow him if you
want to throw [ __ ] at him because he
wants followers the [ __ ] we have to see
okay but leave
Cristina and  Noelia leave them alone
especially to Noelia okay send her love
don't send her [ __ ] Well yeah okay eh And that's
it And that's what I had to say
I think that everything is clear now
and I think that it's time to say Hey that's it,
now in an hour I have to
be in court and that's it That's it, you
want SEO you have it you
want I don't know what you have but already
comment on what you have to comment on
this or that but that's it I for my
part am not going to answer anything Even if
tomorrow whoever comes out and says no I did
a live stream in which I said that's it that's it
tomorrow we know something
no well I'll tell you what happened I'll
send you a message when I know something in your
video in the morning this one no that you upload
when it's here at noon in your video
of the day no no but I'll tell you something so
that I gave it no in the video I'm not going to put
anything about this I'm not going to put I'll tell you
such and such and you comment on it and that's it I'm
waiting but that's it Okay then there we are We
've all
tied nobody has won  No
one has lost, that's it. Okay,
eh. And nothing, go to sleep, you've been live for 12
hours, no,
7, 7. Look, Noelia has been writing to me
on WhatsApp for 7 hours. I hope she doesn't
tell me she's coming up because I'll send her
to hell. No, no, no, no. Noelia, just leave
Noelia alone and don't even send her
a message, leave her alone and that's it, it's
over. Fran, eh. I hope things turn out the way I would
like them to. I
hope everything can be settled in
an agreement, a conciliation,
a peace or something like that. eh. I'm already on the lookout, you
know I have my
phone glued to my eye. As soon as I
wake up, we love you very much, okay, both
me and all the people who are
here and that you leave accompanied by all of
us who are supporting you, okay. And may it turn
out as well, man. I hope and
suddenly we have some good news, like those where you go
with the worst, you go with the
worst and suddenly one
good thing and the worst arrives. No, I have the
hope that V, something that says,
[ __ ], I [ __ ]  in 10 okay So give us
some good news man come on Kisses to
everyone and thank you very much hug to you
[ __ ]
[Music]
come on i